NumberBox Formatting: Change demo description (#1639)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/NumberBox/Formatting/description.md

> Use the [format](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxNumberBox/Configuration/#format) property to specify the currency, accounting, percent, and other formats of the NumberBox value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [format](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxNumberBox/Configuration/#format) property to specify the currency, accounting, percentage, and other NumberBox formats.
```

What do you mean by 'accounting'?

Author: It's a format that is shown in demo.

The format property can accept the following value types:

- Predefined format    
See the [type](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/format/#type) property description for a list of accepted values.

- Custom format string    

> Use a LDML pattern to specify a custom format. Refer to the following article for more information: [Custom Format String](/Documentation/Guide/Common/Value_Formatting/#Format_UI_Component_Values/Custom_Format_String).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use an LDML pattern to specify a custom format. Refer to the following article for more information: [Custom Format String](/Documentation/Guide/Common/Value_Formatting/#Format_UI_Component_Values/Custom_Format_String).
```

Changed 'a' to 'an' because when you pronounce this abbreviation, the 'L' is 'ELL'
